Doctor, how is my sister?
Got it.
It's just that the vision is too severe
The whole bowel was ripped out.
I'm going to live on a urine belt for the rest of my life
sister
I am like this now
Isn't that disgusting?
Kobayashi
I'm sorry that my sister failed to protect it well.
sister
Don't Blame You
I dragged you down
Miss the past life
It still is.
Xiaolei is not wrong about you.
It's their fault.
I must let them
blood for blood
Sister, can we live in peace in the future?
sister
I want to get married
Previous home
Cozy Home
Xiao Li
After you leave the hospital
We will
Move to a place where no one knows us
Go
Sister promised
We lived a warm life together
Free life
Ok?
sister
I want to eat osmanthus cake
The one in Chengnan
Can you go and buy it for me?
OK
Sister will buy it for you.
Sister, I'm sorry.